Update documentation to use graphing.grafana.baseImage (#306)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_setting-up-grafana-to-host-the-dashboard.adoc

docker.io/grafana/grafana:7.3.10
----

. If the running image is older than 8.1.0, patch the ServiceTelemetry object to update the image:
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap"]
----
$ oc patch stf/default --type merge -p '{"spec":{"graphing":{"grafana":{"baseImage":"docker.io/grafana/grafana:8.1.5"}}}}'
----
+

> Service Telemetry Operator will then update the Grafana manifest, resulting in the Grafana deployment restarting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service Telemetry Operator updates the Grafana manifest, resulting in the Grafana deployment restarting.
```
Removing future tense
